okay now we're recording
starting back up at the top I think it
had a release cook this did not have
hide release nobody get to that this
week yeah see apparently there may or
may not have been a JSF fist release in
the pipeline but I'm not seeing one so
we had an RC for of 0.38 an RC 5
actually but me to not ship the release
I upgrading a testing guy inter-process
Dawid has joined the team to try to help
accelerate that yeah there's a fairly
good chance we'll end up meeting up
Sikkim system time to like hammer it out
and try to make it happen releases other
than that I don't have any explicit
updates yeah
garbage collection in painting I guess
we don't have Alex is probably still
stuck on the weekly call and I assume
he's still working on the ecig weight
vector so probably do updates I label is
it the brass beat up Jacob
for which one is this for yeah this is
still an old why we're finishing up the
lip EDP sync refactor okay I didn't
padeen is out for the ICN conference and
has some PRS from each review multi hash
keys in block stores any bits here I
don't think so
package manager updates I I don't know
if any explicit things that have been
merged or I know that there is a new bit
swap patch are so I compose 'el for
block order so if anyone's interested
it's one fine paste that in here a
response ordering yep and we're
continues on not support let's see watch
I guess that is a bit small updates we
must move that down there dirt do you
have any other personal updates okay um
basically Perfector someone is typing
furiously yes yeah so we went and did a
slew of updates to some of the modules
that we were released as we've been
working through the new dialer async
flow so those have most of us have been
released we should get the connection
stuff released hopefully today or
tomorrow and then we will finish up with
a one bug that we have with a multi
stream select the upgrade process
but other than that I think we are
almost done with the dialer flow and
then we'll be able to start moving on
we've also started working on reef
actors of the other ten ports
speaking of speaker that's pit row or
you work not easily sorry yeah
I am currently tackling an issue from
the interrupt tests and the issue is
number 86 but I define it a word plan to
go through this issue and I wrote it
down on my notes or Maya plates and I
divide it into four phases and update
ipfs IP FST CTL to its latest version
and then update make sure and make sure
that all the tests are green so not
every tests are currently green I'm
missing just two test Suites but I'm
missing the three or two next next
phases that that are and all the tests
must use a demon GS virtual file and
they are not using that file I'm also
updating the tests to use that file and
then I will update all the tests to use
the sync await all the test itself and
that's it okay thank you design view
proposals we highly design view last
week
well just notice we have an Alex now in
case there are any related updates
trying to convert masons waitstaff IVFs
itself so that's upgrading lib p2p the
octopus repo the HTTP XFS importer and
exporter so that we can then pull in the
latest versions of these things and then
start implementing universe 1.5 almost
got tests passing which is super cool
but like I've just been independent
hell for days because some things in LED
PTP depend on pair ID means team mean
others depend on naught point 12 and now
the twain shall meet
so you try and get 20 I'll wither so
2.13 pair ID and their Peter because if
I don't know what that is
which is super tedious in case of trying
to find which libraries have upgraded to
13 and then downgrade them to 12 so that
when the next version of the p2p comes
around presumably we'll have 13 and I
hate everything in one go that's been
very very tedious
you know I'm nearing the end of the
process which is pointless ok designer
puzzles we had a design Punic service
4.5 and we came to a decision we're
going to putting metadata in the
directory itself and I'm still the tiara
to actually write that up but that
unblocks axeman should work
we still had a remaining question of
like which bits do we actually need in
the mode which bits do we not need in
the mode but I'm gonna have a meeting
with Android later this week to flush it
out there's like this chance we're just
gonna conclude the entire poem just
leave it at that
but we had some concerns around like
future proofing blockers asks there none
listed any live blockers or asks well I
was gonna poke Alex about at least
related things at all
go ahead Alex I was just gonna say Kuji
there's a PR hope that you opened on Jer
spit swap to do the async/await
migration there was awaiting some other
things to be done and they were all done
so I brought it up to date right rebased
finished it over the tests opossums I
can't ask you for a review because you
open the peel thank you
in terms of the church release actually
so it's in the community testing phase
but no one you know that community is
still very slim and I opened issues on a
whole bunch of repo saying hey why
didn't you join the community testing
like come and help us and they've all
like most of them have been ignored and
the ones that haven't been ignore people
just been like wow this is really cool
I'm having the time to do this so great
so that's where we gets connect through
their release at some point either like
I really want to get those async/await
stuff finished tomorrow or do their
release tomorrow if not maybe the
beginning of ministry I don't want to do
at the end of the week because and
you
I'm just curious kind of looking into
into q4 kind of where where we'd put
ourselves on the completion bar like I
remember staring at the the awesome
endeavor or whatever we call it where
it's like 74 percent of of all of the
repos have either an open PR or have
been updated to async/await if I
remember correctly something along those
lines but kind of after after this slew
of things where